# Privacy Policy

Effective date: November 04, 2018

Costa Rica Exchange operates the Costa Rica Exchange alexa skill application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.


## Definitions

*   **Service**

    Costa Rica Exchange alexa skill application operated by indivual person as a non-profit service.

*   **Personal Data**

    Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

*   **Usage Data**

    Usage Data is data use automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.

## Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

*   Cookies and Usage Data

#### Usage Data

We use your data to operate the Service. We will not collect, rent, sell or give the information to anyone. By using the Service, you agree to the use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

## Use of Data

Costa Rica Exchange uses the collected data for various purposes:

*   To provide and maintain the Service

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

*   By email: pablohgm@gmail.com
